Taskbar Color Effects.

Simple app to add Color, Background and Shadow Effects to the Windows 7 Taskbar.

Adds a Notification Icon to the Taskbar to Load Settings or Exit the application.

Custom Colors with Transparency
Custom Images with Transparency
Shadow with Transparency
Location aware for Taskbar and adjusts colors, background images and shadow.

The application uses embedded images which are sized within the application then extracted to be used as the Shadow. I have tried various ways that I thought were feasible but this way seemed the simplest to deal with.

To create your own Shadow:

According to where your Taskbar is located you can replace the following images: bottom.png, top.png, left.png and right.png

Take note of each images size before replacing them as your images will need to be the same to display correctly.

To give off the effect of a shadow you will need to create a transparent image that sort of fades away the same way the existing images do. Solid edges will result in the Shadow having solid edges.

Color Effects for the Taskbar were originally done by the following people and credit definately goes out to them:

Solo-Dev:  http://solo-dev.deviantart.com/     (The original creator of the Taskbar Effects Idea)
yvidhiatama:  http://yvidhiatama.deviantart.com/

I have written this application and added my own twist to the color effects such as Transparency as well as the Taskbar Shadow with Transparency.

Created by L.W (Lee Whittington)
http://leewhittington.deviantart.com/

Created by me for The Windows Club
http://www.thewindowsclub.com

Disclaimer: By downloading and using Taskbar Color Effects you agree to all the following terms: 

You may not redistribute Taskbar Color Effects for sale or claim as your own. Taskbar Color Effects is supplied AS-IS, as such the Publisher nor Author, assumes no responsibility for damages to users computer intentional or unintentional.
You may not decompile or disassemble this product. 

All product names, logos, and trademarks are acknowledged as the registered intellectual property of their respective owners. 